DOCS-1785 Add recommendation sub section (#2463)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/get-started/installation/prepare/microcontrollers/_index.md

{{% card link="/build/program/" %}}
{{< /cards >}}

## Recommendations when using an SDK

> In some cases connection the ESP32 using an SDK can fail, be unstable or be slow, this is usually caused by the SDK background task use to monitor the connection to Micro-RDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases your connection to the ESP32 with an SDK can fail, be unstable or be slow.
This is usually caused by the SDK background task that monitors the connection to the micro-RDK.
```

> We recommend the following changes to the default settings when connecting to an ESP32 if you run into similar issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend the following changes to the default settings when connecting to an ESP32 if you run into similar issues:
```

> We recommend the following changes to the default settings when connecting to an ESP32 if you run into similar issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We recommend the following changes to the default settings in your SDK code when connecting to an ESP32 if you run into similar issues:
```

{{< tabs >}}

> {{% tab name="Python SDK" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% tab name="Python" %}}
```
Usually we just label tabs python and go and SDK is implied

{{% tab name="Python" %}}

```python

> # Replace the connect function found in the cod sample tab with the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Replace the connect function found in the code sample tab with the following
```

    opts = RobotClient.Options(
        # Micro-RDK configures once at boot,
        # so we don't need to check if the components have changed
        refresh_interval=0,
        # Checking the connection can safely be disabled
        check_connection_interval=0,
        # Same for Attempting to reconnect
        attempt_reconnect_interval=0,
        disable_sessions=True,
        # Micro-RDK doesn't support sessions so it is safe to disable them
        dial_options=DialOptions.with_api_key(
            # Replace "<API-KEY-ID>" (including brackets)
            # with your machine's api key id
            api_key_id='<API-KEY-ID>',
            # Replace "<API-KEY>" (including brackets)
            # with your machine's api key
            api_key='<API-KEY>')
    )
    # Replace "<ROBOT-URL>" (including brackets) with your machine's url
    return await RobotClient.at_address('<ROBOT-URL>', opts)
```

{{% /tab %}}

> {{% tab name="Golang SDK" %}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{% tab name="Go" %}}
```

```go
// Replace the call to client.New with the following block
robot, err := client.New(
    context.Background(),
    "<ROBOT-URL>", // Replace "<ROBOT-URL>" (including brackets) with your machine's url
    logger,
    client.WithDisableSessions(), // Micro-RDK doesn't support sessions so it is safe to disable them
    client.WithCheckConnectedEvery(0), // Checking the connection can safely be disabled
    client.WithReconnectEvery(0), // Same for Attempting to reconnect
    client.WithRefreshEvery(0), // Micro-RDK configures once at boot, so we don't need to check if the components have changed
    client.WithDialOptions(rpc.WithEntityCredentials(
        // Replace "<API-KEY-ID>" (including brackets) with your machine's api key id
        "<API-KEY-ID>",
        rpc.Credentials{
            Type: rpc.CredentialsTypeAPIKey,
            // Replace "<API-KEY>" (including brackets) with your machine's api key
            Payload: "<API-KEY>",
        })),
    )
if err != nil {
    logger.Fatal(err)
}

```

{{% /tab %}}
{{% /tabs %}}

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Will fix linter problem
